update known_limitations to add size of integer fields (#1521)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/advanced/known_limitations.md

  ["user = 1", "user = 2", […], "user = 1500", "user = 1501", […], "user = 2000", "user = 2001"]
]
```  

## Size of numeric fields

> **Limitation:** Meilisearch can only exactly represent integers between -2⁵³ and 2⁵³.

Reviewer: I think we could drop the adverb, no? If we want to keep it, then I would suggest using `accurately` instead.

```suggestion
**Limitation:** Meilisearch can only represent integers between -2⁵³ and 2⁵³.
```

Reviewer: I thought that numbers outside that range would actually cause Meilisearch to crash. We definitely need an adverb there.

I always feel that "exactly" is a bit wonky, as if it operates more on a level of emphasis than of "quality of being exact/accurate." 

That said, there's precedent for that usage in a fairly reliable source like Wikipedia, so I'm fine with either. "Accurately" might read better, but "exactly" is probably more technically …accurate?

Author: I did think of "accurately", but since this is "technical" information, maybe we should go for "technically accurate" terms?

> **Limitation:** Meilisearch can only exactly represent integers between -2⁵³ and 2⁵³.

Reviewer 2: I'm worried about the use of the word integer here. Since I learned to program with C, integer to me means 32-bit integer, so between -2147483648 and 2147483647. That's a much smaller range (-2<sup>15</sup> to 2<sup>15</sup>). I'm probably not alone in this.

```suggestion
**Limitation:** Meilisearch can only exactly represent numeric values between -2⁵³ and 2⁵³.
```

Author: Maybe we should rename this to `Size of integer fields`. From what I understand, it can represent decimal values, but this double-precision floating-point format allows you to exactly represent integers between -2⁵³ and 2⁵³.
Does that make sense?

Reviewer 2: The mathematical + computing definition of integer AFAIK does not include decimals (AKA the infinite range of values between two whole numbers). 

Meilisearch does use the double-precision floating-point type under the hood, but in terms of what's being exposed to our users, it's just a numeric field with no specific type (and can include decimals, so using the term "integer" would be actively misleading here).

Reviewer: Ok, quite honestly, a lot of the subtleties of this discussion go over my head because floating-point operations are a Weird™ subject. All I can say for sure is that the linked issue explicitly names integers and I don't think a core dev would use that term lightly.

But let's take the guesswork out of this. @maryamsulemani97, please address and resolve all remaining open conversations in this PR. Then, request kéro's review. If you want to get to the bottom of this, you might want to get explicit confirmation the limitation we are documenting here concerns integers only.

> **Explanation:** Meilisearch stores numeric values as double-precision floating-point numbers. This allows for greater precision and increases the range of magnitudes that can be represented.

Reviewer 3: But integers that are only be represented with 64bits will be alternated. (the Wikipedia page explains in which way).

Reviewer: Would this be a more complete explanation, @Kerollmops?

```suggestion
**Explanation:** Meilisearch stores numeric values as double-precision floating-point numbers. This allows for greater precision and increases the range of magnitudes that Meilisearch can represent, but leads to inaccuracies in [values beyond certain thresholds](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double-precision_floating-point_format#Precision_limitations_on_integer_values).
```

Reviewer 3: It is very good indeed, this is better!

Reviewer: Great! We'll commit this change and merge the PR. Thanks!

> **Explanation:** Meilisearch stores numbers as double-precision floating-point numbers. Hence, it can only exactly represent integers between -2⁵³ and 2⁵³. This allows for greater precision and increases the range of magnitudes that can be represented.

Reviewer 2: I see, thanks for the explanation! Will make a new comment w/ my suggestion.
